So in Scotland, there is another type of class called data class.
So they do class, as the name implies, it is a simple class.
All he does is to hold data, so there's no concerns about trying to inherit to make it special in any
way.
So the main use is just to hold data.
For instance, if we want to create a class called person write that will create personal object.
We can just create that class a session, set data class like this and pass a name and I can say person
and pass.
Of course, the primary constructor can pass your file name, be a string type, or I can say file last
name, and it's also going to be a string and also can continue and say, I want age to be an integer
and I don't have to even create a body for this class.
So now, instead of Maine or anywhere else, I can just go ahead and say file person is equal to person
I search.
And of course, I can go ahead and initialize this person.
Put in your line.
I'm going to say name.
It's going to be Joe.
Last name, Paul.
An age.
23.
All right.
And now I can say print n person, I S. If I run this, we're going to see that person now is in this
format because this is a data class.
That means when Caitlyn compile this, it's going to just have some standard functionality and some
utility functions that are automatically given to this data class.
In fact, if I come here and I say person to access the variable, you can see that we have copy.
We have equals access code.
So it just drives a few of the functions that a normal class would have.
And this to string here is, of course, added as well.
That's the reason why whenever we say print just person, you can see the representation that it has
six person names going to be equal to Joe.
Last name ball age 23.
In many cases, this is how actually you will see this class being used or created in Kotlin, something
that is simple and it's going to just hold data in this case, a data person like this, then you just
go straight and do that.
And with this, you can do all sort of things right.
They can create as many persons as I want.
So I can, for instance, say Val list of people is equal to.
List of this is indeed a and immutable list, so I can say person to person first and I can go ahead
and create another person right away inside here and pass the name
and last name Shaffer continue age 54.
Copy this and create another one.
Or I can just do what we did before.
File.
Not only goes to that person there and they can come down here and say, Wow, Rudy can be equal to
this person, I could have done this as well.
Of course, just passing like that.
But this is way better and looks better so I can pass here.
I'd only object.
And Rudy like that.
All right.
So there we go.
So we have this simple list containing person types.
So I can, of course, say list of and invoke the for each, for example, remember that lambda and
for each person that I get.
I can say print.
And that that print this person in form of it, right, it's a person type.
The other thing we can do, we can change it to something a more readable.
I can say person and add, of course, the arrow.
OK.
This is a lambda.
So person, then it's going to be the object person, the person.
I can invoke that age like this.
So if I run.
You can get all of the ages, so 23, 54, 54 looks like it isn't like this shadow it, we can just
change this to a different name, let's say.
Item and then going to change that, of course, like this.
The problem we were having is that it was being shadowed by this person.
They were created there, so trying to get just two unique variables.
All right.
This is going to work still can run this.
You can see that we have the same results.
All right, so whenever you want to just create a a class that it doesn't need much.
All it needs to do is to hold data such as this one here.
You just append data, say data class and the class name and pass in the primary constructor pass all
these parameters here, which are the fields being created and set up.